before we dive into smart contracts
let's have a short recap
in that short recap i just want to high
level refresh you on everything we've
discussed so far because
it's all very high level right we've
spoken about nfts and how nfts the
non-functional token aspect are
the concept of ownership of this
non-fungible asset
right
and ownership is defined
by the ability to transact
liquidity transferability
in divisibility like it's unique
that's powered by blockchain technology
so we said okay we have this nft thing
it's concept
this concept can be powered by
blockchain because blockchain is
inherently immutable it's decentralized
data storage
sweet so now we're getting to the crux
of the implementation detail right
we're getting to ethereum ethereum
powers
nfts how does ethereum power nfds well
ethereum is a blockchain technology
ethereum enables you
to deploy code onto the ethereum network
ethereum is much more than just a simple
coin that appreciates in value no it
allows you to freely transact they've
built all these standards on top of it
it is a vast fast ecosystem and like i
said before there's a lot you could
learn just about ethereum you could have
a whole course on it because it's so
vast
we're trying to single in on what aspect
of ethereum
helps us achieve nfts
well there's this concept
in ethereum called smart contracts smart
contracts are no more than pieces of
code that you deploy onto ethereum
and then by deploying them onto ethereum
they now become their own entity so to
speak okay so let's dive a bit deeper
into that
what is a smart contract on the ethereum
network and ethereum is powering
the majority of this concept of a smart
contract there are other networks trying
to achieve similar things again a smart
contract is a type of ethereum account
okay okay so
in the concept you know we know of block
chain
with bitcoin and ethereum everyone holds
a wallet right everyone has this wallet
and it can hold coins
well a smart contract is no more
than a wallet itself right it can hold
things
but users can interact with it okay
users can interact with a smart contract
so it's an account it can hold things
users can interact with it think of it
like a vending machine you give it money
it gives you something back all right
but smart contracts well they can define
rules and enforce them via code so when
you interact with it it can have a rule
set you can only get something from me
if you adhere to the rules that i have
pre-programmed in my code it would be
the same concept as a human telling you
i'll give you this
if you give me this much aetherium but
it's automated now there's no more
transactability a smart contract
basically enforces the moment you give
it something it's going to give you
something back because it is the account
itself it holds
it holds the actual value itself
so
it is more than just a bit of code
that runs
on ethereum it can be its own entity and
with that comes drawbacks right like
what you program in the smart contract
and what you put on the ethereum network
well you don't want to put bugs in that
now do you
but in essence
these smart contracts allow us to
enforce and create these transactable
events
right
and a smart contract being just the
concept of the code that can be on the
ethereum blockchain that can be
transactable
that is where the power lies and so
understanding what a smart contract is
makes us able to look a bit closer at
well
how would we program
these smart contracts
to
hold digital art right and that's what
we're getting at here is what
do i need to do for an nft
in the form of digital art
on a smart contract to deploy to the
ethereum network and we're starting to
come full circle here and so let's look
a bit closer at
what type of smart contracts are
necessary
for nfts